- Synced and corrected by chamallow -
- www.addic7ed.com -
One of you is responsible
for my cargo being hit.
- Lale's dealing. I got it off one of her men.
- You shouldn't have done that.
We let Asif trade.
Doing a lot of second-guessing
lately. partner.
Eddie. they say you are the
keeper of Finn's secrets.
But you didn't know about this one?
- Do you think about your wife Naomi?
- Course I do.
If it was a woman. she
didn't love my husband.
We're not picking the flesh
off a dead man's bones.
If they were to kill my son. I
would wipe out their blood line.
Without hesitation.
Anyone not helping find Dad's
killer looks suspect to me.
(TURKISH MILITARY MUSIC PLAYS)
(LALE SPEAKING)
(GROANS)
(WAILS)
(FIRING CONTINUES)
(HEKAR CRIES OUT)
(SNARLS)
(MUSIC AND VOICES BECOME LOUDER)
(GROANS)
(GLASS AND BRICK SHATTERING)
(PANTING)
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
(THROWS DOWN FIREARM)
Ara!
(BLARE OF MUSIC)
(WAILS AND SCREAMS)
(MOANS)
(WHIMPERING)
(WAILS)
(SCREAMS IN FURY)
(MUSIC STOPS)
(SOBBING)
(WHIMPERS AND SOBS)
(WHIMPERING)
(WAILS)
(SCREAMS)
(TENSE MUSIC INTENSIFIES)
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
(BREATHES HEAVILY)
He made everyone rich.
Why would anyone want to kill him?
We've gone through everything.
I can't find a reason.
The business is solid.
We've got a global reach.
You can't build towers fast
enough. We're giving great returns.
I want us to keep doing that.
It's what Finn would have wanted.
I know how close you were.
Closer than I was.
You should have his office.
I like building towers. I don't
like being shut up inside them.
(KNOCK ON DOOR)
I failed you last night.
I went along with you to make
sure things didn't get out of hand.
And now that campsite is all over
the news. That cannot happen again.
We need to know who used those gypsies.
- Luan owes us a conversation.
- Sean...
He knows what my dad was doing
that night. on his territory.
As for Asif.
I know you both think
giving him special treatment
is good for business. but
the tap stays off. I mean it.
And giving Asif special treatment
was what set Lale after him.
- I'll take care of Lale.
- No!
If my father were sitting here.
he'd have expected it of you.
(POURS DRINK)
But it's me she went against.
I'll take care of Lale.
Shoot! I'm gonna get you. Pow! Pow!
Shoot! Shoo-ooot!
Girls! School now!
- (SHOP DOORBELL TINKLES)
- Pow pow! Shoot!
- CUSTOMER: Hi. Just these. please.
- Let's go down!
(GIGGLES)
(KURDISH MUSIC PLAYS)
Pow! Pow! (IMITATES GUN SHOOTING)
(ADULTS CHUCKLE)
(IMITATING GUNSHOTS)
Urgh!
He eats too much anyway!
(CONTINUES GAME)
(LAUGHING)
Oh. excuse me. ladies!
(LAUGHS SOFTLY)
(KISSES GIRLS)
Goodbye. Auntie.
- Bye.
- Bye. Auntie.
(SQUEAKS)
If I'd given you the
heads-up about the campsite.
we'd have caught Sean
Wallace gun in hand
and all of this'd be done.
But instead we are
here... and you are alive.
A Wallace family driver.
The perfect place to be the
next time Sean puts a foot wrong.
I'm serious. Drivers get
to hear and see everything.
Hm. that's probably
why Jack ended up dead.
Look. I get that it's you
in the firing line. Elliot.
but Finn Wallace's enemies used
to disappear without a trace.
as did all of the witnesses.
Given the way Sean's going about things.
and with you right there in the loop.
we can give the jury evidence that
is way beyond reasonable doubt.
At the hint of anyone else
in danger. including you.
you stop it. even if it
means blowing your cover.
(SQUEAKING)
Eddie. They say you are the
keeper of Finn's secrets.
But you didn't know about this one?
(EERIE. TENSE MUSIC)
(LOW CHATTER. CHURCH BELL)
Ah! Mrs Wallace.
Good to see you. Serwa.
Please. take a seat.
Your husband was one hell
of a squirrel. Mrs Wallace.
Everything well hidden and then some.
False leads. dead ends...
- But we got there.
- You always do.
He spent 36 million on it.
We had to pay over the
odds... to drill down on this.
That's not a problem.
The island 'cost him around 180 million.
Building a new life.
He renamed about... six months ago.
The Floriana.
Pretty name.
(TENSE MUSIC INTENSIFIES)
Your husband's driver... Jack.
Nothing came up on him.
No debts. no oddities...
Thank you. And the other thing... ?
Everything.
Everyone.
(DOOR BANGS)
(MUFFLED THUD OF MUSIC)
- Wait.
- If they find that I talk to you. they will kill me.
They won't find out.
- Listen...
- (DISTANT BANG OF DOOR)
My neighbour. she disappears
the night the old man is
shot outside her apartment.
- that's all I know!
- Tell me about her.
If we can find her.
we can make her safe.
We're from the same village!
From Albania.
We came together a year
ago. without papers.
- Floriana...
- Floriana. that's your neighbour?
Yes.
She was supposed to escape.
The old man who was killed.
was he visiting Floriana?
She's going to have his baby.
(DOOR OPENS IN DISTANCE)
- What are you doing here?
- Just waiting for Billy.
Wait outside.
Thank you.
Did you meet her?
Floriana?
No.
And he always told you everything.
Jack would have known. wouldn't he?
- Jack would have known everything.
- (FOOTSTEPS COMING DOWNSTAIRS)
Hey hey! There he is!
(TRAFFIC SOUNDS)
You sure you don't
want to drive as well?
You. er. you didn't kick up a fuss
about last night. At the kebab shop.
No point.
What's your story. Elliot? How
did you end up doing all this?
Tried out for the
priesthood. I couldn't get in.
(CHUCKLES)
Are you helping Sean out today as well?
Why? You lost him again?
- He's got me picking someone up.
- Oh. yeah?
Yeah. Er. somebody called... Cole.
- Cole?
- Yeah.
Jesus Christ.
Sean's lost his fucking mind.
What?
Don't let him in here.
(OPENS DOOR)
Where are you going?
Nice knowing you. Elliot.
What's that supposed to mean?!
Where to?
I can help you out... if
it's OK with Mr Wallace.
Take the next right.
Up at the end.
- Do you want me to wait?
- No. you can fuck off.
(DISQUIETING SYNTH MUSIC)
I'm keen to remind you that
these are still my contacts.
(LOW CHATTER)
(WHIRRING OF POWER TOOL)
Luan. good to see you again.
And you. Mosi.
You're building this one fast.
- My money?
- Will be washed
through the Wallace organisation
in the next few days.
Even with Mr Wallace in the ground.
His death is a gift. Mr Wallace had
been the sole trader for too long.
and his son is a fuck-up.
He's not even Finn's shadow.
This an be an opportunity for us. Mosi.
We can build something bigger
than the Wallaces ever dreamed of.
Mosi! Mosi. I beg you!
Mosi! MOSI!
Mosi!
I'm sorry!
(MUFFLED) I'm sorry. Mosi!
You build me a building.
Make me money.
Then we'll talk more.
(MUFFLED CRIES)
Please!
(SCREAMS)
(CRIES OUT)
(DISTANT SIREN. CHURCH BELL STRIKES)
(DOORBELL)
Come in.
Fine.
Let's have a look.
- You got it clean. then?
- Oh. Yeah.
Yeah.
Er. I'm here to pick up...
That rug.
And me?
Give me five minutes?
- Yeah. Yeah. sure.
- Cool.
(DOOR SHUTS. MUFFLED MUSIC)
BOY: Hey!
Wanna play?
See if you're better than my mum.
Yeah. yeah. Sure.
(RINGS AND BELLS OF GAME)
This is your driver?
- Mm-hm.
- (GAME NOISES CONTINUE)
- I'd get dumped.
- What?
(CHUCKLES)
As soon as a boy found out I was Ed
Dumani's daughter. I'd get dumped.
Oh. no. It wasn't your dad.
It was the look Danny gave me.
I am nowhere near as good as his mum.
Yeah. well. I get a lot of practice.
He said his dad's in Australia?
Yeah. he might as well be.
That's what I tell Danny.
He's in prison and he's not
getting out anytime soon.
Oh. I'm sorry to hear that.
I'm not.
(CLEARS THROAT) No-one is.
The lights are supposed to come on.
(CLAPS HANDS) Hello?
Ah! 35 floors of luxury
apartments. Elliot.
- No-one lives here.
- Why would they?
Where do you want this?
Over there. please.
(SOFT MUSIC PLAYS)
Two?
Yeah.
- Here?
- Mm-hm.
- Sorry.
- It's OK.
Wow. How many of these has Sean built?
Six or seven. A lot more on the way.
- I mean. I could wake up to this.
- (CHUCKLES)
He had a battle getting this
one as tall as he wanted.
I don't think his dad ever
appreciated just how good Sean is.
You don't want to get in that boy's way.
And you?
You... You do the interiors?
Yeah. It's a family business.
It's clever. that.
Laundering into your own
buildings. inside and out.
So what do you think?
About the rugs?
Yeah. um...
Well...
♪ I know you check my texts ♪
♪ Don't you worry about my ex ♪
♪ I might be on his mind ♪
♪ But I never reply ♪
♪ Remember on the weekend ♪
♪ I said I'll make some changes ♪
♪ And you said you'll
do the same thing ♪
♪ And I don't wanna fight my king ♪
♪ I had you when you was weak ♪
♪ You caught me on my knees ♪
♪ Don't pressure me for some kids ♪
♪ And I won't pressure
you for marriage ♪
♪ I know it's never the right time ♪
♪ But we gotta do
things on our time... ♪
(MUSIC FADES)
Er... I... I'm married.
Take me home. then.
♪ Sometimes we fall in love ♪
♪ Love is always in us ♪
(DISTANT SIREN. HELICOPTER WHIRS)
- Cheers.
- Bye bye.
(DISTANT) Hurry up there. yeah?
When I went to pay my respects.
Sean treated me with contempt.
Give me one good reason to stay. Ed.
Sean wants this to work.
He wants to maintain the
continuity of Alexander
running the financial services side.
OK... OK.
Now let me ask you this...
Why would this woman.
Lale. steal from me?
It's a death sentence.
Maybe you have a history with her.
- (LAUGHS) Oh. I have a history with a lot of people.
- (CHUCKLES)
Most of them are smart
enough not to attack me.
We'll take care of her.
Like the gypsy camp?
London is good for business
because of mutual discipline
between rival interests.
- If this unravels...
- It will not.
That was anger. This will be business.
Always the quiet player.
I'm sure you know a great deal more
than you're telling any one of us.
Does Sean even know
we're having this meeting?
SEAN: Cole. let me
know when you have them.
Understood.
We have to get this done
before Sean has a chance.
This is where you'll dump Lale.
This is between me and you. No-one else.
Not Sean.
Ever. Understood?
My daughter seemed... troubled when
you brought her back last night.
Not by me.
And my grandson had a lot
of questions about you.
I didn't know what to tell him.
Let's go find Lale.
(TENSE MUSIC BUILDS)
Something's wrong. Be careful.
(KURDISH MUSIC PLAYS SOFTLY)
(FEMALE SINGS KURDISH SONG)
(MUSIC GETS LOUDER)
(ACCOMPANIED CHORUS)
Sean. what have you
done? Destroy the drive.
- But those two girls...
- Just destroy the drive.
You do not say or do anything.
You go home and you wait for my call.
Fuck. Fuck!
(FAIRGROUND MUSIC)
Export documents.
We're all good. then.
But we do this on our own.
No. My driver takes you to the airport.
You don't get to choose. You've
lost your Wallace protection.
So get the fuck out of my
face. leave your van with us.
go back to your car.
be grateful I don't cut you
another mouth. all right ?
(FAIRGROUND MUSIC CONTINUES)
OK.
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
(CHILDREN'S LAUGHTER)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
We'll follow you to the
airport. Don't speed.
Yes. ma'am.
Good evening to you all.
Thank you all for coming.
It's good to see so many friendly faces.
we all have to ask ourselves.
what are we doing here?
Because all the best. well-paid
careers and opportunities
are for the children of
the privileged few. right?
- MAN: Yeah!
- That right?
Wrong!
Each one of you have a head start
in what firms like
ours are looking for...
street smarts. tech skills.
social media fanatics.
Now. Finn Wallace. who
was the CEO of our firm.
he didn't start at the
top. He fought his way up.
It's one of the reasons
he was so passionate
about giving young
people a helping hand.
So. how do we get from where we
are now to where we want to be?
We do what the rich and powerful do.
- We grab. we steal. we push in...
- (LAUGHTER)
Start tonight. Make yourself
known to the people who work here.
Start off thinking yourself equal...
Then believe you can
do better than them. Hm?
- Thank you.
- (APPLAUSE)
Thank you.
Well done. That was a very good speech.
- Congratulations.
- Thanks. Jevan. Thanks for coming.
Nice to get a photo here.
Over here. Mrs Wallace.
Mrs Wallace. back over here.
- Wow.
- Thank you.
I mean. they're all fired
up. that was inspired.
Thank you. It was Finn's vision
to position us as a
progressive force in the City.
- I just want to push on with that.
- It's what you need to be.
People are interested
in your business model.
Now. if you can ride out the waves
caused by Finn's departure. then...
- Finn kept a lot of his contacts hidden.
- I can make introductions.
I'd appreciate that.
It's not a problem.
Excuse me. just one second.
- Where's Sean?
- I don't know.
Did he tell you how he was
going to take care of Lale?
He's hired in Cole! Cole has
Lale's sister and the two daughters.
- Sean wouldn't...
- He's hired in Cole!
There's only one reason for
hiring in Cole. Think it through!
- What's happened?
- Your son's what's happened.
(HEKAR IN KURDISH)
(LALE IN KURDISH)
(ROAR OF APPROACHING PLANE)
Hey!
In English.
If Sean Wallace doesn't make
contact. he will kill them.
He won't stop unless you
bring Wallace the money!
I'm begging you.
please! I'm begging you!
COLE: That's enough.
(LINE GOES DEAD)
(DISTANT SIREN)
TV: So sorry.
Maybe I'm not the one you
should be apologising to.
(TV CLAMOUR)
(SHOES SQUEAK)
(PANTING)
DILSA: (CRYING) No! No no no!
Please! (SOBS)
(SOBBING)
(SHOUTING ON TV)
(BREATHING RAPIDLY)
You move. I'll kill them.
(WHIMPERS)
(BUTTONS CLICKED)
(ELEVATOR HUMS)
- Stay...
- Hey! Listen to me! Listen to me!
How the fuck did you get up here?
I took the fucking lift.
Look. I've got food.
- I've got food for the kids.
- They're not hungry.
- (KIDS WHIMPERING)
- Shut up!
Sean sent me.
You're fucking b...
Hey! Hey. hey. Get in there!
In there! Go go go!
Quickly. Well done.
It's just hide-and-seek.
It's just... It's just hide-and-seek.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
It's just hide-and-seek.
(ENGAGES GUN)
(LIGHT TAPPING)
(GROANS)
(MOANS)
(ROAR OF PLANE)
(PHONE RINGING)
(RINGING CONTINUES)
You don't have to harm them!
Please! Please don't harm them!
You go against everything I
said. this is what happens.
What do you want?
Let's start... with the money.
It's gone.
Well. that's that. then.
(MENACING CHUCKLE)
Please. don't harm them.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(I'm gonna come to you. OK?)
(SPEED DIALS)
Yeah. yeah. it's Elliot.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
I'm in a bit of a situation.
Hey! Ssh!
(CLUNK)
GUARD: He got you too. did he?
Where is he? Are you all right. mate?
(BREATHES HEAVILY)
(GURGLES)
SEAN: You wanted that
money more than those kids.
It was for food. for
clothes. medicine. weapons.
It wasn't for me! It was for my people.
I wasn't going against
you. It was against Asif!
Asif had small traders like us squashed.
Asif... had my husband tortured.
Yet he won't even remember our names.
Look!
(GRUNTS)
(CRIES OUT)
(YELLS) Call him! Call him!
Tell me those children are safe!
Call him! Call him!
Call your man and stop
him from hurting them!
Call... him!
(WAILS AND GASPS)
I was never going to harm them. Never!
Cole won't do anything
unless I order it.
You think I'd kill kids?
That's you!
While your sister pleaded
down the phone to save them.
Can't do it. can you?
Your father would.
Do it!
Just fucking do it!
(VEHICLE APPROACHES)
Open your eyes.
Surprise!
Your fruity loops never took off.
No! No!
(YELLS) No! No-ooo!
No!
No-ooo! No-ooo!
Ssh!
- (VIOLENT SMASH)
- (SCREAMS)
Come here! This way! Out you go!
Keep going. keep going.
Get out!
(WAILS)
(BOTH GRUNT AND GROAN)
Oh. fuck!
(AGONISED GROAN)
(GROANS)
(WAILS)
Fuck!
(GROANS AND GASPS)
(MOANS)
(WAILS)
(MOANING)
(HOWLS)
- Stop!
- (GROANS)
- (ROARS)
- (MOANS WITH PAIN)
(GRUNTS AND WHIMPERS)
(YELPS AND GASPS)
(BANGING ON LIFT BUTTON)
(SOBS)
(GASPING)
(GRUNTS)
(AXE SCRAPES ALONG FLOOR)
(DILSA WHIMPERING AND SOBBING)
(GRUNTS)
I want you watching.
- all that pain you feel right now...
- (THROWS ELLIOT DOWN)
... it's all for nothing.
(DILSA SOBBING)
(SOBBING)
Please! No!
(SOBS)
(LIFT PINGS)
(SINGLE SHOT)
(SECOND SHOT)
(GASPING)
You thought you could deal and ship
without us knowing where and when?
This isn't about the money.
You're the only one I can rule
out from killing my father.
You wouldn't have done
it. You need us too much.
And you'd be so fucked without us.
You want to buy food. medicine and
weapons. more than you ever have...
I'd want it run as a real business.
You could be as big as Asif. Bigger.
Why? Why would you do that?
Ever since I took over.
people keep telling me
to do this. do that...
Don't ever go against me again.
And don't steal from Asif.
Unless I tell you to.
- Synced and corrected by chamallow -
- www.addic7ed.com -